Update the documentations(Module.md, Package.md and README.md) and update Ballerina.toml (#5)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-openai.finetunes: ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

[OpenAI](https://openai.com/), an AI research organization focused on creating friendly AI for humanity, offers the [OpenAI API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/introduction) to access its powerful AI models for tasks like natural language processing and image generation.

> The [OpenAI Fine-tunes API v1](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/fine-tuning) allows users to customize OpenAI's AI models to meet specific needs. The `ballarinax/openai.finetune` package facilitates connection to this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballarinax/openai.finetunes` package offers APIs to connect and interact with [the fine-tuning related endpoints of OpenAI REST API v1](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/fine-tuning) allowing users to customize OpenAI's AI models to meet specific needs.
```

Author: Noted
